DAN: Since our return to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace
finally went online globally.
Allowing kids from all over the world to show their
battling skills in a safe and friendly environment.
DAN: Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone wants this
virtual realm to remain happy and free.
DAN: A mysterious evil force from another world has
infiltrated Bakugan Interspace and is trying to take over.
DAN: Okay buddy, let's do this...Alright!
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
HYPNO-BOY A/B/C: Ability activate!
HYPNO-BOY A/B/C: Halbert Impact!
HYPNO-GIRL A/B/C/D:Ability activate!
HYPNO-GIRL A/B/C/D: Hyper Mace!
HYPNO-BOY D/E/F/G: Ability activate!
HYPNO-BOY D/E/F/G: Ghoul Cannon!
AIRZEL: Hmmph.
Those brats Ren, snatched from Earth ...
AIRZEL: ...have made a huge difference.
GILL: It's true.
Hypnotizing them into battling with us has proven useful.
KAZARINA: Hum.
You sound so surprised.
GILL/KAZARINA/AIRZEL: Bakugan Brawl!
AIRZEL: Bakugan stand!
AIRZEL: Go!
Ventus Strikeflier!
KAZARINA: Bakugan Stand!
KAZARINA: Rise Haos Lumagrowl!
GILL: Bakugan stand!
GILL: Go Pyrus Krakix!
STRIKEFLIER: Finally we get to join in the fun and games.
LUMAGROWL: I've been chomping at the bit for some action too!
AIRZEL: This is no game fools.
Our quest to breach that shield and take the element is serious.
GILL: Now Krakix!
GILL: Ability activate!
GILL: Argon Stream!
KAZARINA: Ability activate!
KAZARINA: Arcadia Sword!
AIRZEL: Ability activate!
AIRZEL: Tidal Foehn!
LINUS: Captain Elright !
The first shield...
ELRIGHT: Linus, you need to take the Element and go to
Princess Fabia , immediately!
LINUS: The Princess, sir?
ELRIGHT: Perhaps the Battlers that she was seeking can help us
can help in this fight.
LINUS: Aye!
Neo, transport us to Earth.
NEO: Okay.
Hold on!
ELRIGHT: Good luck.
AIRZEL: Well, well.
If it isn't the Captain of the Neathian forces.
ELRIGHT: Gundalian scum!
AIRZEL: This is the part where you tell me...where the
Element is.
ELRIGHT: Hurry Linus, Time is running out.
We're counting on you.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: The Secret Package.
COMPUTER VOICE: These five individuals are considered
extremely dangerous.
If you see them do not approach.
Report your sighting immediately to the system administrator.
We thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
GIRL A: No way!
BOY A: Are they for real?
BOY B: I think so!
JAKE: Greasy weasels!
MARUCHO: It's a smart offensive play to make
the kids afraid of us.
JAKE: Yeah.
Convincing them to leave will be pretty hard now.
COREDEM: Maybe they've figured out that we've hacked their
security system.
AKWIMOS: Whoa.
Slow down, dude.
No point in running until we know we're being chased.
MARUCHO: Yes.
I have to agree with Akwimos.
If they knew that we had compromised their security
system we'd be surrounded by now.
COREDEM: I suppose you're right.
MARUCHO: They may not realize it but it won't stay
a secret forever.
JAKE: [angry grunt] Why can't things ever be easy?
AKWIMOS: Relax, dude.
Remember: cool is the rule.
If we stay focused everything will be fine.
COREDEM: I wonder how Dan, and the others are doing.
I mean.
There's no way anyone is going to believe this nonsense, right?
DAN: Aw...all that stuff is a pack of lies.
BOY C: I dunno...then why is it up there?
DAN: Huh?
BOY D: Hmmm?
DAN: Are you actually gonna believe that thing over me?
DAN: I'm telling you guys.
You're in danger if you stay here!
BOY D: It's not that we don't want to believe you, Dan.
You've always been our hero.
BOY C: Uh hey!
BOY D: Sorry.
FABIA: Please you must believe us.
We have no reason to lie to you.
We are only here to help you.
DAN: You coming?
BOY C: What d'ya think?
BOY D: Uhhh...Hmmm...
DAN: Are you serious?!
DAN: Why are you being so stubborn about this? !
DRAGO: Take it easy, Dan.
We don't want to draw attention to ourselves.
BOY C: Whoa! Drago!
DAN: I don't believe this.
BOY D: I can't believe it's him!
I've never seen him up close before!
BOY C: We're both huge fans!
BOY D: Okay, we'll go.
Just show us the way.
BOY C: Yeah, whatever Drago says!
DRAGO: What's wrong with you?
DAN: Oh y'know, I just went from hero to zero.
DRAGO: Quit your sulking.
We got the result we wanted.
DAN: Yeah, I guess you're right.
Fabia, Can you transport us to Bayview?
FABIA: Sure.
Okay everyone...join hands.
FABIA: Aranaut ...If you're ready...
ARANAUT: Of course.
BOY D: [gasp] BOY C: Whoa!
[\u266a]
NEO: Princess Fabia is here?
LINUS: Yes...these are the coordinates she logged
with the palace.
COMPUTER VOICE: These five individuals are considered
extremely dangerous. If you see them do not approach...
NEO: They look like wanted posters.
LINUS: What? !
I don't under...Why Princess Fabia ? !
[\u266a]
HAWKTOR: That's five groups of kids we've transported.
SHUN: Yes.
Let's not slow down.
There are still many left inside who need to be rescued.
Huh? !
HAWKTOR: What's wrong, Shun?
SHUN: [grunt] Hey you! Stop!
SHUN: Who are you?
LINUS: [gasp] You're the one from the video.
Neo: Linus perhaps they...
SHUN: [gasp] Another Gundalian?
LINUS: Tell me.
Are you working with Princess Fabia ?
SHUN: Who's asking?
LINUS: I am Linus Claude, a Castle Knight from Neathia.
Let me introduce my partner Bakugan.
His name is Pyrus Neo Zipzam.
HAWKTOR: A Castle Knight?
LINUS: If memory serves, you're one of the Bakugan that the
Princess took with her on her mission.
HAWKTOR: Yes, that is correct.
I am Ventus Hawktor at your service, sir.
SHUN: Wait.
Are you sure we can trust this guy?
SID: Hey Ren, you should have a look at this.
SID: Hah! So much for
your airtight security system, smart guy.
SID: Epic Fail!
REN: You're always causing me headaches...Shun.
SHUN: Why do you want to see Fabia?
LINUS: I have something for her, but it's very important that
I give it to her in person.
The fate of Neathia is at stake.
SHUN: Very well...this way.
REN: Look at them scurry, just like a couple of giant rats.
REN: Tell me.
Was it Marucho who found a way in?
SHUN: Ren.
REN: I don't recognize your friend.
LINUS: That guy's...
NEO: ...Gundalian!
REN: Very good.
And I presume you're from Neathia.
JESSE: Now that we know our cast of characters
what do we do with them?
LINUS: Quickly.
You have to get me to the Princess.
NEO: Wait Linus.
LINUS: Huh?
NEO: We are of the Castle Guard.
It is not in our nature to run from battle.
We must stand our ground.
LINUS: But I'm...not running...
NEO: We are here because fate brought us.
We must fight this out to the bitter end, for better or worse.
JESSE: Ahhh...Fate...! At times it is powerful
and at times so fragile.
Like the wind, it is fleeting and so beautiful.
LINUS: I never got your...name.
SHUN: My name is Shun.
And any ally of Fabia's is an ally of mine.
SHUN: I would be honoured to join you in battle.
LINUS: The honour is all...mine.
SHUN: Are you ready, Hawktor !
HAWKTOR: Always, Shun!
REN: We must complete our mission at any cost, Linehalt!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: The Bakugan battle between Linus and
Shun versus Jesse and Ren will now begin...
Bakugan Field...Open!
LINUS: Gate Card, set!
LINUS: Bakugan Brawl!
LINUS: Bakugan stand!
NEO: In the name of the Neathia I will take down
every last evil Gundalian!
JESSE: Just like the dimming of the theatre lights,
the bell signals the beginning of Act One.
JESSE: Bakugan Brawl!
JESSE: Bakugan Stand!
JESSE: Rise Ventus Plitheon !
PLITHEON: I'm about to ring some bells of my own!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
Hah!
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
Go!
Ventus Hawktor !
HAWKTOR: I'm ready to pound some Gundalians into the ground!
REN: Bakugan Brawl!
REN: Bakugan stand!
REN: Now!
Darkus Linehalt!
LINEHALT: Haaaaaaaah!
JESSE: Ah with a cast like this...we're surely in for an
epic performance today.
JESSE: Ability activate!
JESSE: Fly Slasher!
PLITHEON: Huuuuah!
LINUS: Ability activate!
LINUS: Baw Arrow!
PLITHEON: Whoa!
PLITHEON: You'll pay for that.
JESSE: Ah...I do love a worthy foe.
PLITHEON: Are you going invite him to dinner or are you going
unleash your next attack?
JESSE: Ah, Plitheon.
Let us not forget that \"haste makes waste\"...
Consecutive Ability activate!
JESSE: Hyper Verde!
HAWKTOR: [grunt]
NEO: Hmmm? !
HAWKTOR: What's happening? !
JESSE: And now...
JESSE: Fly Destroyer!
PLITHEON: Haaaaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Hawktor !
HAWKTOR: Arrrrrrrrgggggghhhh!
NEO: Arrrrrrrrgggggghhhh!
LINUS: Ability activate!
LINUS: Orb Shield!
JESSE: Wh-what the...What's this? !
LINUS: This ability absorbs all of the opponent's abilities and
it deflects it back at them...I hope you're enjoying this taste
of your own medicine, Jesse.
REN: Ability activate!
REN: Volting Vibra!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Ninja Defense Wild Wind Dance!
SHUN: Leave the children alone!
REN: Hmmph.
Or what Shun ?
PLITHEON: Jesse?
Why are we just standing here?
Let me take him down!
JESSE: Patience.
Let's not upstage our co-stars.
BAKUMETER: Ready.
Vilantor Gear!
JESSE: Battle Gear, boost!
LINUS: Battle Gear? !
PLITHEON: [evil laughter]
JESSE: Battle gear ability, activate,
Vilantor Gear Cyclotron!
PLITHEON: You're going down!
LINUS: Neo !
SHUN: Oh no!
REN: What? !
All out of tough talk, Shun?
REN: Ability activate!
REN: Razenbreaker!
HAWKTOR: Aaaaaaaaarrrrrrggggghhhh!
SHUN: Hawktor !
REN: Here's a little extra.
BAKUMETER: Ready, Boomix Gear.
REN: Alright.
Battle Gear, boost!
REN: Come on!
Go now Linehalt!
SHUN: Watch out! Hawktor!
REN: Let's go Battle Gear Ability, activate!
Boomix Lock!
HAWKTOR: Stay strong, Neo!
LINUS: Gate Card, open!
LINUS: Explode!
REN: The Boomix was deflected? !
LINUS: Explode nullifies an opponent's ability...
LINUS: ...and brings the power levels of all the Bakugan on its
side back to their base levels...
JESSE: This...mysterious new cast member...has me
wondering...what his motivation is...Ability, activate.
Ghost Storm.
PLITHEON: Who cares.
My motivation is to destroy.
PLITHEON: Huuuuuuuuuuaaaah!
LINUS: Ability, activate!
LINUS: Power Shaker!
PLITHEON: What?
PLITHEON: Arrrrrrgggggghhhhh!
JESSE: Plitheon !
JESSE: That Bakugan is...
SHUN: ...powerful.
REN: Arrrgh...Come on, Linehalt !
LINEHALT: Huuuah!
NEO: If you're the Gundalians' mightiest then maybe we don't
have much to worry about.
REN: [angry grunt] Oh yeah?
We'll see about that...Battle Gear Ability, activate!
Boomix Dimension!
NEO: Hmmph....this should be interesting.
HAWKTOR: It disappeared!
NEO: What? !
Shun: Hawktor, are you okay? !
LINUS: That was an ingenious move, like that transporting the
attack like that.
HAWKTOR: That one hurt...
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Shun life-force, sixty percent.
REN: He didn't fall? !
LINUS: You'll need something more powerful than that to take
down Neo ...Ability activate!
LINUS: Metal Destruction!
NEO: Arrrrrrgggghhhhh!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Ren Life-force, forty percent.
REN: Wh-what power?
JESSE: To be pulled from the stage in mid-performance!
Like some kind of bit player!
JESSE: In this Second Act they'll see that I am indeed...
a major talent.
JESSE: Gate Card, set!
JESSE: It's time to raise the stakes.
JESSE: Bakugan Brawl!
JESSE: Bakugan stand!
JESSE: Rise Ventus Plitheon!
PLITHEON: [evil laughter]
LINUS: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
REN: Bakugan Brawl!
HAWKTOR: Let's finish this!
JESSE: Ability activate!
JESSE: Slag Tornado!
PLITHEON: Hmmmph!
SHUN: Get up, Hawktor...Ability activate!
SHUN: Ninja Defense Wild Wind Dance!
HAWKTOR: Haaaah!
LINUS: Ability activate!
LINUS: Baw Arrow!
REN: Battle gear, boost!
REN: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
Boomix Lock!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Sky Fang Cyclone Soar!
JESSE: The final act is upon us.
Ability activate!
Gravity Mine!
PLITHEON: On your knees, Neathian swine!
NEO: My body!
REN: Here we go.
Battle Gear Ability, activate!
Boomix Dimension!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Ninja Defense Spiral Twister!
SHUN: I won't fall for that again.
HAWKTOR: Haaaaaaaaah!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Ren, Life-force, zero.
REN: Huh? !
JESSE: What an exquisite...ballet of pain
and destruction.
Now it's our turn to join in.
PLITHEON: A ballet?
Seriously?
JESSE: Ability activate!
JESSE: Hyper Verde!
PLITHEON: Oh yeah!
HAWKTOR: What the...?!
HAWKTOR: Arrrrrrggggghhhh!
SHUN: Hawktor!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER Shun life force, zero.
JESSE: That was the breakout performance of the year.
LINUS: Ability activate!
LINUS: Force Alive!
PLITHEON: What the?
My energy!
JESSE: Well played sir...
but I have a little surprise left.
You could call it a twist ending.
JESSE: Gate card, open!
JESSE: Uh oh!
That command card is linked to his Battle Gear.
LINUS: What?
JESSE: Battle Gear, boost!
JESSE: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
Vilantor Gear Nirvana!
NEO: Oh no.
LINUS: If I lose this round, I...will lose Neo and of course
The Element!
JESSE: It is time for you to exit stage left.
There is no encore for you because...
PLITHEON: This is the end!
NEO: Arrrrgggghhhh!
LINUS: Neo !
SHUN: Linus!
LINUS: [panting] SHUN: Linus !
HAWKTOR: Shun, wait!
SHUN: Linus !
LINUS: [moaning, gasping] NEO: I'm sorry, Linus.
LINUS: Neo.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Linus life force, zero.
Battle over.
Winner Jesse and Ren.
REN: Nice work, Jesse.
JESSE: A Bakugan from Neathia...
JESSE: What a wonderful trophy to win.
LINUS: Now that they have it Neathia's doomed.
SHUN: Linus!
Stay with me!
Linus!
FABIA: Linus!
LINUS: Princess...Fabia ?
FABIA: Linus, thank goodness you're awake now.
Oh Linus.
LINUS: Where am I?
FABIA: Don't worry, you're safe with us now but
what are you doing here?
LINUS: I'm so sorry.
I was supposed to protect it and give it to you but I lost it.
FABIA: You lost what?
LINUS: It was The Element.
And now our enemies have it.
SHUN: Whah...?!
HAWKTOR: Why did you say Neathia was doomed when they took Neo
earlier?
JAKE: Wait a minute.
Who's Neo?
MARUCHO: Doomed?
DAN: Element?
DAN: I'm still not totally sure about what this Element is
that's so important to Neathia, all I know is, it's super
powerful and now it's in the hands of the Gundalians.
Luckily though, they still don't realize
it's in their possession.
DAN: Just as we were trying to figure out a way to get it back,
Sid showed up and challenged me to a battle.
Of course I accepted it.
Maybe if I took him down he'd lead us back to the Element.
DAN: The action gets crazy intense.
You need to see it with your own eyes to believe it!
I'm telling you!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Oh yeah!